today
It is how to use one Masami selling
Leather senning
laser
It is a laser
This say leather
When it is cut, the cut edge is cut like Aso
Not
At an acute angle
Supplement
I can cut it
Leather Senning is the issue of maker color
let me in
A little
I was shown it
Kuon of this wild boar
Ro
Here is
This diagonally
You're leaning like this
That
Speaking of
And put
Riku different
After layer presentation
Be thin
I did it that way
When I saw it
8000 years even in the year
I like it great
I do not want
I thought though
Tool 0 to go around first
How to get close to it
I thought about that
Laser to people
If the stay
this
panel
This panel
Horizontally
to raise
In those who are Oite of the ring to the normal child
Straight
Not straight here
A little
Tilt forward
For people Te
When
Say this
Because it is the angle of the leather
At this angle
I can do it
In sometimes because fell fried which is
Also cut
It seems like this angle
It becomes thinner because there is a group
Repeat this 1
Repeat this for example this
gradually
Please lower it
The angle of the scissors is this family
Like leather
Or Ne it's going to be in texture
Well tools
Of course with that scissors
Maybe this can be Erika
First
That scissors poison butterfly too
Dry line
I think it will be more
Well there is tool day
Edgy
Also this kind of approach is to give a sense One
There is a cat
I tried to delusion
That's how many years ago
In this creative image also lies repeated
From that this cut
I liked doing
Because there is still a little variety
In the future
I think that I want to work today is over